README.md, before:

# SQL_Training
The files here are used in the setup and running of a self-designed Oracle SQL training session. The data is based off the R package nycflights13 but has been convereted into a format for upload into an Oracle SQL database. Old files for a previous version of the course are based on a randomly generated set of data mimicking being a compay selling phone and broadband services, Mirgin Vedia, and the tables are set up as example data such a company might have. The introduction training is designed, with the support of a set of slides not uploaded, for users with no experience at all to take them to being able to write the majority of queries they will need. The focus is on being able to work with and access data already in a database, rather than on more of the database management side of SQL.

# Setup and usage
You will need to replace all instances of "SCHEMA_NAME" across all files with the name of the schema you wish to create the tables in and query them from. The answers to exercises are provided as a guidance and as such there may be better or other ways to answer these questions.

Feel free to use the data and training material as you want, but where relevant credit me.

# Planned Work
Once the current introductory course has been finalised there are plans to introduce a further follow-on set of documents that cover more topics such as using INSERTs and UPDATEs, creating procedures and functions and PL/SQL in general.

Commit message:

Add online slides and remove old content (#1)
* Add revealjs slides and delete old content

* Rename folder

* Update font size, add up to case, update readme

* add learning objective slides

* add case statements

* add up to unions

* up to union

* complete section 2

* fix typos

* get to line 1399 in training

* fix typo

* add outline of final sections

* fix bug

* Complete group section

* remap keys for clicker

* Add defs and mystery data

* Add mystery slides and some images

* rename images and typos

* Add exec order

* Typos

README.md, after:

# SQL_Training
The files here are used in the setup and running of a self-designed Oracle SQL training session. The data is based off the R package nycflights13 but has been convereted into a format for upload into an Oracle SQL database. The introduction training is designed, with the support from the slides (hosted at https://rlh1994.github.io/SQL_Training/ ) for users with no experience at all to take them to being able to write the majority of queries they will need. The focus is on being able to work with and access data already in a database, rather than on database management via PL/SQL.

# Setup and usage
You will need to replace all instances of "SCHEMA_NAME" across all files with the name of the schema you wish to create the tables in and query them from. The answers to exercises are provided as a guidance and as such there may be better or other ways to answer these questions.

Feel free to use the data and training material as you want, but where relevant credit me.

## Murder Mystery
Based on https://github.com/NUKnightLab/sql-mysteries but adapted for Oracle SQL.
